README.md, before:

# Binance Chain JavaScript SDK

The Binance Chain JavaScript SDK allows browsers and node.js clients to interact with Binance Chain. It includes the following core components:

* **crypto** - core cryptographic functions.
* **amino** - [amino](https://github.com/binance-chain/docs-site/blob/master/docs/encoding.md) (protobuf-like) encoding and decoding of transactions.
* **client** - implementations of Binance Chain transaction types, such as for transfers and trading.
* **accounts** - management of "accounts" and wallets, including seed and encrypted mnemonic generation.
* **ledger** - Ledger Nano S/X support via HID, U2F and Web BLE (Bluetooth).
* **rpc** - RPC client, coming soon.

# Installation

Windows users: Please install [windows-build-tools](https://www.npmjs.com/package/windows-build-tools) first.

Linux users: You may need some dev packages to be installed on your system for USB support. For Debian-based systems (Ubuntu):
```bash
$ sudo apt-get install libudev-dev libusb-dev usbutils
```

Install the NPM package:
```bash
$ npm i @binance-chain/javascript-sdk
```

# API

For up-to-date API documentation, please check the [wiki](https://github.com/binance-chain/javascript-sdk/wiki).

# Testing

All new code changes should be covered with unit tests. You can run the tests with the following command:

```bash
$ npm run test
```

Tests for the Ledger hardware wallet integration have their own suite that runs in both node and in the browser:

```bash
$ npm run test:ledger
$ npm run test:ledger:browser
```

# Contributing

Contributions to the Binance Chain JavaScript SDK are welcome. Please ensure that you have tested the changes with a local client and have added unit test coverage for your code.

Commit message:

readme: update note about linux (#90)
* Update README.md

* readme: update note about linux

README.md, after:

# Binance Chain JavaScript SDK

The Binance Chain JavaScript SDK allows browsers and node.js clients to interact with Binance Chain. It includes the following core components:

* **crypto** - core cryptographic functions.
* **amino** - [amino](https://github.com/binance-chain/docs-site/blob/master/docs/encoding.md) (protobuf-like) encoding and decoding of transactions.
* **client** - implementations of Binance Chain transaction types, such as for transfers and trading.
* **accounts** - management of "accounts" and wallets, including seed and encrypted mnemonic generation.
* **ledger** - Ledger Nano S/X support via HID, U2F and Web BLE (Bluetooth).
* **rpc** - RPC client, coming soon.

# Installation

Windows users: Please install [windows-build-tools](https://www.npmjs.com/package/windows-build-tools) first.

Linux users: Note that Ubuntu Xenial and newer distributions are recommended, especially when using Travis or other CI systems. You may need some dev packages to be installed on your system for USB support. On Debian-based distributions (like Ubuntu) you should install them with this command:
```bash
$ sudo apt-get install libudev-dev libusb-dev usbutils
```

Install the NPM package:
```bash
$ npm i @binance-chain/javascript-sdk
```

# API

For up-to-date API documentation, please check the [wiki](https://github.com/binance-chain/javascript-sdk/wiki).

# Testing

All new code changes should be covered with unit tests. You can run the tests with the following command:

```bash
$ npm run test
```

Tests for the Ledger hardware wallet integration have their own suite that runs in both node and in the browser:

```bash
$ npm run test:ledger
$ npm run test:ledger:browser
```

# Contributing

Contributions to the Binance Chain JavaScript SDK are welcome. Please ensure that you have tested the changes with a local client and have added unit test coverage for your code.
